Olimar's Escape - Story

Sometimes you never know what's going to happen.  Often times you don't even know where you are...

Olimar Ness is a young boy at the age of 17, born in Kansas, Idaho.  

Olimar loves his music.  His favorite kind of music is the insightful Trance music.  He loves how it puts him into the thoughtful and creative state that makes his day.  He enjoys other kinds of music too, like Dance music for it's "happy" quality and New Age music for it's "peaceful" quality.

As for the future, Olimar wants to become a computer programmer when he grows up.  He's currently writing a game called "Olimar's Escape.exe" but still needs major work.  When (if) he completes the game, it will be the biggest project he has ever finished.  He will be extremely proud of himself after that!  Shasha!

As a break from the usual stay-at-home routine for Spring Break, Olimar's mother was thinking of something a little different this year.  His mother was tinkering with the idea of taking a nature walk out in the nearby forest.  Olimar loves his computer because it gives so much and asks so little.  So when he heard of this trip he already had an answer - no.  He would then end up going anyway.  Life...

When they arrived at the first tree of the forest, they were astonished by what they saw: tall, beautiful trees that stretch up limitlessly into the air, the effulgent smells of scenic flowers, butterflies that seemed to float in the air.  It was truly beautiful.  Although not wanting to be there, Olimar thought it was cool too.

Deeper into the forest they go, burrowing deeper and deeper into the vast fields of nature.

As they adventure farther and farther, they find a perfect place to rest.  Mom pitches up a tent, and they both go soundly asleep...


----------
"Not another one", says a blue-winged bird perched on top of Olimar's head.  "I thought Miggle was the last one!".

"Apparently not", said a golden-winged bird flying down from a tall tree nearby.  The golden-winged bird perches himself on Olimar's head along side with the blue-winged bird.

"Do you think it'll make it?", says the blue-winged bird.
"It doesn't look any different than the others.  Oh well.  Another one in a Cell Shack...".  The two birds fly away.

It is very dark in the forest now - it is night.  There is only one light and that if from a small lamp hanging from the side of a door.  A very large door.

Olimar opens his eyes.  "Why is my face on the ground?".  Olimar gets up and dusts himself off frantically as he looks in front of him to find a very large door.  "This door is more than seven times my height", he says calmly to himself as he slowly cranks his head up to the highest point of the door.  He looks behind him to find an extremely dark forest where you can't even see your own hand.  For some reason, there is no moon out.  "It's cold."

He stays close to the door as he strafes left of the door to find a large doorknob.  He stops for a moment, then puts his hands on the cold, metal doorknob and turns it clock-wise.  Surprisingly to himself, the door opens easily.  Eager to get out of darkness, he enters into a long hallway.

He goes along the hallway until he reaches another door.  He enters.

On the other side is a room.  The room has a young woman in it, sitting in a metal chair at a desk towards the back of the room.  Upon entrance, she stands up and turns around - she has a milky white face and short brown hair with several dreadlocks in it.  She stands wearing a long, brown robe that reaches down to her feet.  "Why hello there!", she says kindly.  What is your name?"

"My name's Olimar".

She steadily walks over in front of Olimar.  "Do you know why you are here?"

"No.  Not exactly", I responded.  "Why am I here?"

"You are here because you wandered into a forest that is off limits to humans.  You wandered far too far and now you are going to be held here in this castle forever."

"Why?!"

"That's just the way things are.  The ruler of this here castle said so.  Anyone who wanders into his forest deserves to be kept forever as punishment for intruding on his property."

"That's not fair.  That's just stupid."  The young girl walks back to her chair, sits back down at her desk and continues playing cards with herself.  "What is your name anyway?"

"My name is Kameko", she says politely.  She deals a new row of cards as she finishes her last game.  "There is a way to get out of here though.  I'm required to tell everyone who comes by here."

"How's that?" Olimar said in a demanding way.

"Well, the ruler of this castle wouldn't just keep you here forever without giving you a chance - otherwise, you would have been put in one of the Cell Shacks a long time ago."

"Umm..."

"The only way to get out of here is to defeat her guards.  After defeating them, and then defeating the ruler of this castle, you may return to your world if you wish."

"Defeat them?"

"Yes.  Defeat her royal guards."

"And just how would I go about that?"

"Well you'll just have to think about that yourself now won't you?  I can help you out a bit though.  The four guards are located in four different worlds: Mech World, Mage World, Nature World, and Undead World.  These places are where you'll need to go if you want to return."

Olimar stares at Kameko with a blank face.  "How do I get to the worlds?"

Just tell me which world you want to go to and I will get you there."

"Does that mean you will help me?"

"No.  Oh no. (haha)  I'm just a messenger.  I can't help you."

"Ok then."

"Mmmhm."

"I want to go to: "

"Alrighty then!  Good luck."

"Any tips you could lend me?"

"Make friends!"
